EcoMarine Platform
Automation of pollutant emission calculations for any production facilities.
How do you automate the emission management process of a plant in three steps?
Make an inventory.
Register in the EcoMarine system and make an inventory of emission sources near the equipment or by obtaining data from the project documentation. Specify the methodology for calculating emissions for each source, be it equipment or process and other characteristics as desired.
Appoint responsible persons
Appoint those responsible for providing periodic data and specify the frequency (monthly or quarterly). The responsible employee will receive an email notification and will fill in only the minimum data required (consumption of materials, number of working hours). If you work for a small company, you can even appoint yourself as a responsible employee for providing data.
Receive automatic reports
As soon as responsible persons fill in the periodic data - "EcoMarine" will automatically calculate and generate reports to the tax committee, statistics department, prepare a report to shareholders, etc. You can also transfer the calculated data to your designers to accelerate the design time.
Video about our product
EcoMarine - online platform for emission calculation and reporting
Example of calculation
EcoMarine's calculation designer makes it very easy and fast to implement existing calculation methods of any kind.

You can create any kind of calculation, such as: emission calculation of pollutants into the atmosphere, greenhouse gas emissions calculation, waste generation calculation, etc.

Below you can see an example of how to calculate greenhouse gas emissions, just fill in the required fields and you will get the result immediately.

Learn about the benefits of the EcoMarine system.

Quick Inventory
Emission source data can be recorded 'on the fly' from near the equipment.

Instantaneous calculation of emissions
Once fuel consumption or hours worked have been entered, the system will recalculate immediately.

Full compliance with the law
Always correct and current methods for calculating pollutant emissions.

Optimization
Ability to optimize emission payments in full compliance with the requirements of government agencies.

Automatic reports
EcoMarine" system will prepare reports to the state authorities (tax and statistical) in necessary formats for you.

Easy to learn
Any person who knows how to use a computer or a smartphone can use the EcoMarine platform.

Precise planning
Precise planning of payments in the next period by automatic data extrapolation.

Availability 24/7
You have access to all data for any period of time in 24/7 mode from anywhere in the world.

Analytics
Constant understanding of volumes of forthcoming payments, fast analysis of various variants of business decisions.

Minimum of equipment
Suitable for any computer, laptop or tablet (even the one without a hard drive) that has access to the Internet.

Task Assignment and Tracking
Automatically controls employees and reduces business risks.

Safely
Every day a backup of your data is made and the data transfer is encrypted (SSL encryption protocol).

Facts .

Team
IT and HSE professionals

Awards
EcoMarin Team Winner of TechGarden Acceleration Program

Write us if you are interested in our product.

Based on our development, we are able to implement any health, safety, health, environmental and sustainability management systems in a short time.

Feel free to contact us

Changing the rules
Emissions calculations should no longer cause problems
Why are we creating the EcoMarine platform? What is this? Who is it designed for? What problems does it solve? We have tried to answer these and other questions below.
Over the years in the field of industrial environmental protection, as well as engineering and design, we have had to deal with many calculations of pollutant emissions. Calculations were required for reports to government agencies, payment calculations, analysis for the coming period, and of course, for design and rationing purposes.

Each time, regardless of the tool used, whether it was traditional specialized programs that were installed on a computer or a standard excel in which all calculations were performed, the result was the same: calculation errors, data transfer, accidental replacement of difficult-to-tune formulas, or failure of programs to cooperate fully due to a sudden surge in voltage.

We tried to find tools convenient for us that would automate our routine tasks, remind us of deadlines, were available from home or when we were on a business trip or training.

But all the tools we saw or used didn't fit, were not meant to, or were frankly causing pain and suffering; they were tools that dictated their terms to us instead of helping us in our work.

We have always wondered why lawyers have adilet.zan.kz, Paragraph, Contract24.kz, and accountants have 1C, InBuh.kz, My Accounting.kz, Bayta.kz, SAP, Oracle and other products, while the work of environmentalists is practically not automated?

We thought maybe we will come up with something to replace traditional and rather outdated tools, that neither simple, convenient, functional and fast. So we made a decision that would change our lives and the lives of thousands of other environmentalists at work. We decided to build our own platform to perform calculations from scratch.

The design of this new platform seemed obvious to us from the very beginning. It was not just about making calculations, but about how to collect raw data for them on a periodic basis, generate the necessary reports for government agencies and remind those responsible to provide the raw data. Therefore, we developed the whole system around the work of an environmentalist at a production site.

Here are some of our basic rules: to reuse data that have already been entered (data at registration -> data for reports), to allow downloading the generated calculations and reports, to make quick calculations on the fly, to allow access from any device with Internet access.

We always knew that this was possible, but now we are really creating a product that will be easy to work with.

At EcoMarine LLP we put innovations into the essence of everything we do, so we expect great achievements in this new space.

In exchange for your trust we promise to remain humane, honest and, of course, to keep you informed about the development of the project.

With respect,

EcoMarine team.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)

